docs: add validation requirement for message fields (#9000)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _ml-commons-plugin/api/memory-apis/create-message.md

Field | Data type | Required/Optional | Updatable | Description
:--- | :--- | :--- | :--- | :---
`input` | String | Optional | No | The question (human input) in the message. |
`prompt_template` | String | Optional | No | The prompt template that was used for the message. The template may contain instructions or examples that were sent to the large language model. |
`response` | String | Optional | No | The answer (generative AI output) to the question. |
`origin` | String | Optional | No | The name of the AI or other system that generated the response. |
`additional_info` | Object | Optional | Yes | Any other information that was sent to the `origin`. |

> At least one of the above fields must be provided and cannot be null or empty for a successful message creation or update

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create or update a message successfully, you must provide at least one of the preceding fields. The provided field(s) cannot be null or empty.
```
